how much does a snowplow way jun sep i
do not know enough to break the ice i am
El Chupacabra ah you have the snowplow
mmm you could say that it is and I am
the ice yes cold paws n and like no I
like it sounds better in Spanish why
don't you go play up sale I don't get it
what's in it for me well I'm thinking
maybe a roof over your head some actual
hot food that'd be good enough I'm
thinking a thousand five thousand bucks
but that's it great and if we get caught
I'll say you drugged and kidnapped me
cool Valentin Bravo loved being a
bachelor until he met the one girl he
couldn't resist mountain SI estoy hija
que es today's VoIP acara taxi Oh Don to
know CJ kappa dejate kehoe heard
you were coming what's your name on base
since again cecil gathering for I'm
Carter Wilson head butler don't worry
about Big Mo behind you that brothers d
wallet before you even knew it there's
nothing the mayor over here his name's
James Holloway he's my second of command
J Jackie Robinson with me why don't you
shake the man's hand first where you
start asking difficult questions like
that I don't know where the mass I'm in
front look like the jury's still out of
that all right fancy Freddie give me the
toy yet he did
you